Please see the regular USERS_GUIDE for configuration settings, and the
empeg/INSTALL file for how to get squash running on the empeg.

While squash is running there are several screens, menus and submenus you
may navigate.  If you are on a screen you may hit UP to access a submenu
(if any) and DOWN to access the most immediate submenu/menu or screen.

At any time you may use the knob to adjust your volume.

The screens present are:

Currently Playing:

This screen shows the currently playing song and the current volume.  LEFT
Stop's the playback, RIGHT skips to the next song in the playlist.

Currently Playing Submenu:

TOP         Play/Pause
LEFT
RIGHT       Song Info
DOWN        Back to Currently Playing

Playlist:

This screen shows the current playlist's entries.  LEFT and RIGHT navigate
between items.

Playlist Submenu:

TOP         Remove from playlist
LEFT
RIGHT       Song Info
DOWN        Back to Playlist

Song Info:

This screen shows a song's filename (the first line), and it's statistics
along with the average and stddev statistics for all songs.  The statistics
consist of the rating, play count and skip count.  Rating is defined as:

(plays - skips)/(plays + skips + 1)

Any of UP, DOWN, LEFT or RIGHT will exit the song info screen and return you
to either Currently Playing or else the Playlist.

Menu Screen 1:

TOP         Currently Playing
LEFT        Playlist
RIGHT
DOWN        Next Menu

Menu Screen 2:

TOP         Quit Squash
LEFT        Delete the Master List
RIGHT       Set Display Brightness
DOWN        Next Menu

Concerning the Masterlist:

Please note that you will probably want to use the [database]
masterlist_filename option to speed load times.  However, if you change
what music is on the empeg, you must delete this file for squash to notice
the new files.  You can have squash regenerate the file for you (which
takes a little while), or you can just generate it yourself.

Assuming you have a copy of the music you have send to the player on
your local linux box this should work:

find the_music -type f \( -iname '*.mp3' -or -iname '*.ogg' \) -printf
"%P\n" > squash_masterlist

The masterlist must only contain existing files, and these files must
be either mp3s, oggs or flacs.

Most importantly, if you have added files to the empeg, but forgot to delete
the masterlist, you may have squash delete the masterlist for you, then
exit squash and then reboot the empeg.  This is handy if you are in the car
when you noticed your new music wasn't noticed.

Concerning the Harddrive:

IMPORTANT NOTE:  The squash currently needs to have the media drive mounted
read write.  If you do not like this, you can turn off the statistics engine
with the readonly option.


